We are going to check that a word should contain only letters.
So the problem here is that we are checking for a word which contains only letters, no digits spaces
or any other special characters.
Here, we are going to create a pattern with anchors like a carrot sign and the dollar sign.
Let's declare a variable which has only letters, no number spaces or any special characters.
Now comes the pattern.
So I'll say Slash.
We begin with a carrot and end with dollar anchors.
So it handles the beginning and end of the string.
Now, giving the range of all uppercase and lowercase characters by providing Capital A to Z and small
A to Z in the square brackets.
Of course, in this case we can also use Capital A to small Z as well.
The next we give Quantifier Plus, which gives an instruction that at least one or more matches should
be found for the range that is Uppercase A to lowercase Z.
Thus we get only letters pattern here.
Let's try to run the code and see the output.
It says true because the STR contains only letters.
You can try adding spaces or other characters in the string to see the result.
Let's add at least a digit somewhere in the string and run to see the output.
Let's add seven somewhere in the string and I will run the code.
So now it says false.
As not all the characters are letters only in the string.